coins will be created individually not in a class.
(remove)points are added up based on how many coins the other player has left on the board.
(remove)for example, if the white player scores all his coins and the opponent has 3 coins left, 
(remove)the white player gets three points.
(remove)also, if the white player got the red coin it would be an extra 5 points.
if someone puts a red coin in, it has to be followed up by another coin.
if you fail to follow up your red coin shot, the red coin will return to the center.
(remove)first to 25 points wins.
if you put a coin in, you get to go again.
(remove)the reset function just sets up the coins on the board again. 
(remove)so, the points remain the same when the reset fucntion is activated.
(remove)the restart fucntion completely restarts the entire game.
(remove)so, when the restart fuction is activated, the points and gamestate go to zero as well.
the turns are determined by the position of a invisible sprite called the turnmarker.
the left and right arrows controls the angle and the direction that the striker will go.
the position of the mouse will determine where you will position the striker.
the up and down arrows determine how much power you want to give to the striker.
once you have set the angle, position and the power of your strike, press space to release
The harder you hit, the less accuracy you will have.
coinTouch tells the code if the coin fell in or not.
coinTouch is false by default so the striker moves between the players every turn if it is not true.
if coinTouch is true, the striker does not move so that the player gets to go again for making the shot.
there are 4 functions to simulate friction.
these are for slowing down the momentum of each of the 4 directions the coins move in.
the MoveStrikerEachTurn function doesnt actually move the striker. It moves the tunrmarker
IMPORTANT CHANGES!
some lines in this file will be deleted due to a change in how we keep scores
earlier we kept score based on how the many coins the opponent had at the end of their turn.
however, it might be a bit too complicated for the time we have left. so, Ill change it up
now, the win conditions are to just score all of the coins in.
to score the last coin in, you have to put the red in. 
now, you just need 9 points to win.
the red coin isnt worth anything anymore. You just need to put it in in order to win.
there are no more multiple rounds anymore. Just one to decide the game.